LLM guidelines (#14194)
yt-dlp/yt-dlp: CONTRIBUTING.md

We follow [youtube-dl's policy](https://github.com/ytdl-org/youtube-dl#can-you-add-support-for-this-anime-video-site-or-site-which-shows-current-movies-for-free) to not support services that is primarily used for infringing copyright. Additionally, it has been decided to not to support porn sites that specialize in fakes. We also cannot support any service that serves only [DRM protected content](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Digital_rights_management).

# AUTOMATED CONTRIBUTIONS (AI / LLM) POLICY

Please refrain from submitting issues or pull requests that have been generated by an LLM or other fully-automated tools. Any submission that is in violation of this policy will be closed, and the submitter may be blocked from this repository without warning.

> If you submit an issue, you need to understand what your issue description is saying. You need to be able to answer questions about your bug report or feature request. Using an AI tool to *proofread* your issue/comment text is acceptable if you're not a native English speaker. Using an AI tool to *write* your issue/comment text is unacceptable.

Reviewer: I'd like to keep this as simple as possible and not reference specific software or technologies

```

## My pull request is labeled pending-fixes

The `pending-fixes` label is added when there are changes requested to a PR. When the necessary changes are made, the label should be removed. However, despite our best efforts, it may sometimes happen that the maintainer did not see the changes or forgot to remove the label. If your PR is still marked as `pending-fixes` a few days after all requested changes have been made, feel free to ping the maintainer who labeled your issue and ask them to re-review and remove the label.

> ## Use of AI tools and LLMs
> 
> You are responsible for your PRs. If you can not explain your code, you should not submit it.
> 
> Prompting an LLM to generate code does not provide any value. If it were expedient, we would be doing so ourselves.
> 
> The problem with LLMs is that they often hallucinate. This generally results in the reviewer having to rewrite the entire PR from scratch.
> Additionally, the LLM will not learn from the review feedback. A human author can learn from the review and their next PR will be better.
> 
> Lastly, there are still unsolved questions regarding copyright. How can you dedicate something to the public domain you didn't write?
> 
> Even for documentation or description, we appreciate a genuine attempt way more than having some generic LLM generated text.
> 

Reviewer: again, I would like to move this section up inbetween "opening an issue" and "developer instructions"

```suggestion
# AUTOMATED CONTRIBUTIONS (AI / LLM) POLICY

Please refrain from submitting issues or pull requests that have been generated by an LLM or other fully-automated AI tools. Any submission that is in violation of this policy will be closed, and the submitter may be blocked from this repository without warning.

If you submit an issue, you need to have an understanding of what the issue's entire description is saying. Using an AI tool to *proofread* your issue/comment text is acceptable if you're not a native English speaker, but you need to be able to answer questions about the issue you've submitted without using AI to generate your answers.

If you submit a pull request, you need to have an understanding of what every line of code you've added, changed or removed is (or was) doing. If you aren't able to explain why your pull request is doing something, then do not submit it. Using an AI tool such as Copilot *strictly in an "autocomplete" capacity* when writing your PR's code is probably not going to be detectable by the reviewer, but you need to self-review any code you aren't writing by hand before submitting it. Using an AI tool to generate entire lines of code is a direct violation of this policy.

The rationale behind this policy is simply that automated contributions are a waste of the maintainers' time. An issue will not be solved if the one side of the conversation is generated by a machine that lies. Nobody learns anything when a maintainer reviews code written by an LLM that the submitter didn't understand to begin with. If the maintainers wanted to review AI-generated code, the maintainers would be cooking up that AI slop themselves.

Additionally, AI-generated code conflicts with this project's license (Unlicense), since you cannot truly release code into the public domain if you didn't author it yourself.
```
